it's the 21st of May 2011 as a year ago
today
I passed my motorbike test so I thought
I'd come into Stafford oh look it's a
motorbikes and have a look at mine
Garrett
it's really nice
but so
you
so I said earlier it's the 21st of May
2011 and it's been exactly 12 months
since I passed by foot bike license so I
can't believe first of all how quickly
it's gone
but the most important update I guess is
that I still haven't got a bike and
that's due to many reasons but the most
important thing is about I hope to be on
the road and have a bike by September of
this year so it's just a few more months
I have to wait before I can get
everything in line and put my plans into
action but today was good I went in to
stuff it and I checked out a lot of kids
that I wanted to do for a long time at
high carat and try on jackets and you
know look at some helmets and stuff like
that and trousers stuff that I haven't
done before no and stuff that I wanted
to ready for September and the jacket
which I showed just a few moments ago
he's the one that I think I'm gonna go
for and it's really not I kept it really
well but I'm used to or cheeks it's a
moto jacket but I really liked it so I
think I'm going to go for that there's
also a few other links however I really
like even though I've got one and I
haven't even got a bike here but I still
can't stop myself buying new kids but
but no it's good
it's been a bit of fun 12 months
checking out bikes you know going stuff
like motorcycle live going to often Park
which we're going to go again in July
for around 7:00 so I'll be I'll be
looking forward to going back to that
but I'm just about three months four
months that I should be actually on the
road so no let's go now